1.
#include <stdio.h>

int main()
{  
    int num;
    printf("enter the number");
    scanf("%d",&num);
    printf("the number is %d",num);
    return 0;
}

2.
#include<stdio.h> is header file which includes the standard input and output statements into main().and .h is an extension of the library function. # is the preprocessor or command used in the header file.  stdio is a library function which includes the scanf and printf statements in it. 

3.
Printf is an execution input and output statement used to display or print the contents or the statements specified within the (“ “);

4.
main() is an entry point of a c program where execution starts and its called by the operating system when the user runs the program. It has a return type.
In some cases it also has input parameters.

5.
Variables in c are the memory locations in which the value is assigned to the variable and hence value is stored in it.  “=” is the assignment operator which is used to assign the value to the variable.

6.
There are five basic data types in c:
Int-integer type(positive no.s)
float-(fractional part)
double-(floating value)
char-(single character)
void(valueless)
boolean(true or false)

7.
& operator is a bitwise operator which compares two inputs of binary numbers .Takes two numbers as operands and does AND on every bit of two numbers and the result of AND is 1 only if both bits are 1.

8.
%d is one of the format specifiers in c programming used to format input(scanf) and output(printf) as integer(positive numbers). 

9.
Compilation is a process which converts or transforms a higher level language(source) into a lower level language(target) and vice-versa. This process is done by the computer software called source-to-source compiler which translates the one language into another language.

10.
We must run the program using c compiler so that it can be executed by the computer.

11.
Syntax errors are the errors which occurs in the syntax of series of characters or tokens during the compilation of the program.
There are so many syntax errors in c. To name a few:
Missing parenthesis
Missing semicolon
Missing return type
Missing of {  }
Missing of else but ‘if’ is present

